IBX-180: Template and basic content rendering revision (#1361)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/snippets/rendering_dump_variable.md

!!! tip

>     For development purposes, you can view all available variables, or a single variable, and their values, using the `dump()` Twig function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For development purposes, you can list all available variables, or a single variable, and their values, by using the `dump()` Twig function:
```

view -> display?
You can't view them until you get them listed on the screen with the dump() function.
